gh-103066: Add links and `help` in site.py constants (#103777)
python/cpython: Doc/library/site.rst

.. index:: triple: module; search; path

> Importing this module will append site-specific paths to the module search path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing this module normally appends site-specific paths to the module search path
```
This suggestion is part of the next, but they cannot combined (GH rule).  The purpose is to move mention of `-S` to the next sentence.

> and add :ref:`a few builtins <site-consts>`, unless :option:`-S` was used.  In that case, this module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and adds :ref:`callables <site-consts>`, including :func:`help`. to the built-in namespace.
However, Python startup option :option:`-S` blocks this and this module
```
